Question 1: The word that most often follows "happy" is "birthday."
Question 2: The word that most often follows "sad" is "song."
Question 3: There are 58 unique words that follow "computer."
Question 4: The word that most often follows "computer" is "love."
Question 5: "Love" follows "computer 13 times.
Question 6: Using the starting word "Happy" the song title is:
			"happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is."
Question 7: Using the starting word "Sad" the song title is:
			"sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a."
Question 8: Using the starting word "Hey" the song title is:
			"hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey."
Question 9: Using the starting word "little" the song title is:
			"little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a."
Question 10: 	"dig it up the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a."
				"bible for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little."
				"love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are."
				"compass rose of the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a."
				"montana sacra nova baby i love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are."
				"orange blossom white christmas song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the."
				"buttkiss the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little."
				"wake up the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little."
				"elk child is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in."
				"cell block party time to the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world."

				The main problem is that common words like "up" and "the" all redirect titles into a loop of
				"is a little girl in the world", which then takes the title over. 
Question 11